all right so wait what color did you say
do you say color Rojo
Rojo I'm an dude I took bug in Spanish
when I was in elementary school dude
really Wow
yeah dawg pop oh man it looks friendly
oh he does we make it's tinier all right
dude we got the red outline now we can
get like darker red eyes or brighter it
like eyes in the inside
yeah dude put dark because that's
people's a darker or something yeah dude
you're right yeah my really crooked ah
give him a crooked off me that's right
we just gotta give him a correct smile
it looks like a fucking creepy past it a
little bit
his eye is kind of crooked already like
the wall right so up a little bit
creeping me out dog oh my god dude a
media monster intense
he needs a belly button how is he
hey des hey looking keep lookin great
oh uh mr. sax through 34 bits Navy
double 19 and slash die with us 16 bits
thank you guys nice bettin guys good bit
team so give Keegan like a tummy like
you put a little C but you know it's
like upside down or whatever give me
belly belly
how would I go about that like right
here like like smiley for ya exactly a
little tummy perhaps yeah that's fucked
up you just got a chump for us it's
really good we got a man there is them
that's a that's a ver media man
avermedia man hey Romania men
all right this is human fall flat it's a
puzzle game but it has like physics like
gang beasts you got to pull them both
both or do it doing it oh yeah we got
this all right do the same exact thing I
mean just climb over it yeah can't fit
how how are you gonna make video game
they don't let you climb the walls
really it's like all I want to do ah
fuck we got no we could have made it we
haven't made a jack let go we fuck oh we
next level alright what the fuck we fuck
the checkpoint system we fucking did it
no just fun dude hydraulic press channel
dude hello and welcome to the hydraulic
press Channel today we are going to
press box
alright this box is very dangerous very
dangerous box we must dispose of him
okay here we go
da da da da da the dead god dammit the
hydraulic is not strong enough box is
stronger than tool like in favorite
thank you rate it for posting videos
every time I make a new one it's it's
not the same content I swear I do know
that I know do it Sons does he push the
release button
I can't reach up there anymore oh there
we go we could just do that okay alright
we also need a chick to laugh at every
time something is crushed oh yeah she
lost every time every time it's only
every
single time oh god I love that guy god I
love wait how we gonna get cross with
this box don't worry man I got no dude
we should have pulled the thing all the
way over and then we move it over oh my
god we fucked up that is actually a lot
smarter than my plot oh no way I like
this plan though all right so listen
grab grab it by your feet and push it
okay work please accidents happen so
dangerous
oh come on crushed yourself do it
alright let's see oh my god for this no
I'm gonna be made of play-doh or that it
shoots up yeah Hey oh my god your legs
oh thank god there's a safety the
feedback haptic feedback let's go no
more bhop so about to climb now and you
might as well do yoga instead yeah do
yoga do it do it do it okay so yeah
there you go no not deadlift the world
Frye this is literally cry vs. the world
right now I knew it was gonna happen
finally pick that up
you look like a little kid he's picking
up heavy shit for the first time and
there's no how to handle it end up like
owning himself doing no experience here
we go here we go
ah shit shit just climb on top of that
slide it in oh don't tell me you can do
this don't tell me you can just Johnny
you pick it up we're making a ramp come
on man come in oh there can't see your
big head it'd be so much fun if it's
co-op fuck it would be it would be me
and alright bend over I do it
oh that's sleep that's sleeping that's
the opposite of you need a rest so you
muscles get toned alright so you reach
out uh-huh it's down there you go now
pick it up over your head - Super Saiyan
are you Superman here why me climb it
okay my knee pull back I don't know no
no I know what oh I know why you know hi
there we go baby here we go we have some
world record here we come you're young
Rufio oh man
oh we're go here we go George saw I
don't even think you need be hop so
that's the next up Oh God oh you don't
you know I'll miss you oh god I'm just
feeding my enemies fuck that was pretty
anyway
okay you ready start
okay food there's no secret here this
all employee it's like a noose you new
stur stuff oh shit you're right dude
shit oh here we go
hey hey yo yo yo yo okay
Oh show the oh it's one of these things
you just lift that up oh wow Danny's
strong man it means all-powerful here we
go what oh we gotta pull it open there
we go
hey hey man fuck that TV get that shit
out of here
not even a curb TV that's just a regular
flat screen I hate that I can't play
melee on this bitch miss sodoku bullshit
Dukey hopefully there's a checkpoint
oh yeah as a good enough checkpoint for
me yeah me I'll take it that's fine this
is a object I'm sure most you recall
this a bong
the juice box it's a hi-c juice box ecto
cooler to be exact he's pulled that
lever I mean I really want to push the
button on this thing okay
oh the nozzle yeah on the van yeah the
bomb bong nozzle right all right here we
go
Boop yeah we're about to go to the
apartment where PewDiePie's landlord
busted and called him a faggot oh yeah
that's right yeah let's play man
come on what I would give for that
situation the the fucked up apartment
guy just to be there to hear him come in
and yell shit and run out yeah I don't
know what fuck is going on without her
trying to go clean now I want to get it
it's all get on top of it get on top of
it no get on top get on top of it yeah
do it alright okay alright now bend down
and grab it oh I didn't fall back
yeah dude give me the stash
I don't think it opens more than that no
yes shit we're coming for you cocaine oh
my god why is it every time we do a TGIF
videogames becomes about adventure to
find our stash my can't be oh just give
us our drugs no booze oh shit oh sure
act excreted thanks you know we need the
wrecking balls perfect beat her in
tactics Beedrill tactics now flip your
body and throw it in there
there's no firmly grasping here we
loosely grasp things only loose loose
for all those people here oh my star
tattoo late I feel like at the very end
of the bridge alright here we go I'll
believe in this I believe here we go I'm
with the force of a wrecking ball
yes that was surprisingly pretty cool
good fucking validated oh thank you very
much for your bits buddy nice bits nice
belch dude thanks you you've been very
gaseous this time around I drink a lot
of warm soda really warm soda yeah I put
in the microwave for a few seconds
that's awesome
like the worst fucking thing I've ever
heard he gets extra bubbly oh my god
that sounds absolutely dreadful it's
pretty bad but you know I'm like God the
only way I feel he said why gotta be
gentle she likes it hard and rough oh
really yeah dude all the way over slam
it into me Oh any chat
BAM that's not how you so ever properly
you're gonna get fired at this rate
please I may here we go
good God being played tonight you're
seeing it free right now pretty much
unless it's a better idea
played tabletop simulator game that's
your favorite fucking game that's all I
fucking do anymore is that I know I did
it this morning I know
were you there a little bit you're
playing some game and you're like I'm
complete professional this game I know
what I'm doing and then you're like I
don't actually know how to change colors
yes you're right you're right you're
good times yeah let's see how this works
our mistake any workman's comp I need a
man I need to call my attorney
I can't move there we go
this has been breaking the whole time
fools fix it don't stand on it
shit shit come on now cycle things out
it was so simple cry come on it was so
simple so sick infected weirdest oh my
god where they live without this
goodness
damn off and even break the glass didn't
even break the glass kind of bullsh it's
that baby yo I got lucky horseshoe I
love horseshoes let's play all right
okay I'm gonna off wrong way I'm gonna
get that one in the face all righty
great did
Wow Wow the negative 10
oh shit dude if we don't find like a
princess and we give her kisses and this
is done this is just a waste of our time
ooh ah damn it
that's okay that's it this is it that's
it this is this is the one this is the
one the urn right here all right you
know what how Oh chef nice test solvated
all right okay
all right now you gotta be cranking and
you're just gonna tumble into the
crevasse with it bobby's so said buzz if
you can't crank it cuz it's stuck I know
I'm kind of worried about that now okay
you're good you're good
let's just take him a little bit more
effort than before cranking alright okay
okay okay we're coming for you cave okay
well getting in that hole so here's my
theory huh
I can hold on to it on the outside of it
like this and I swing you better have
more flinging all right I hope that
works Oh God oh my god take the wheel
Jesus take me oh my god please please we
made it to the wood mill alright now you
can go into the cave entrance like a
normal man oh boy where's the came in
just that oh right there oh damn we made
it exactly
actually well I'm Jam me up chat bring
the pogchamp severy buddy where they
look it seems like we were like further
ahead and this is the way to get up yeah
yeah we've kind of like that they
actually jump off here at the top yeah
sure why not what's gonna hurt oh sure
oh my god you're made of elastic oh my
god that's awesome yeah that's super
I'm mr. fantastic you're Stretch
Armstrong yeah shit alright alright
that's not how you move you move things
is how I move things oh my god
alright that's good we can get out of
here now let's get outta here dude
I'm actually oh shit alright you got to
turn to LA so so move the thing to the
left side oh I'm sorry you want turn
right so turn to the left side of the
boat so grab the rudder and turn to the
left there you go there you go like that
except for you need to hold it to
activate it okay
we're gonna get out of this Gulf okay
okay Oh God we're gonna crash I'll fuck
that laughs we don't need that wrath
anymore that's old-school all right we
good Oh fuckin damn it why did they do
that I don't know but turn it the right
way okay okay
might need to get out and push it up
fuck dammit all right we're gonna get
out there and get ready I'll get ready
to turn to the left you're gonna miss
your dock get ready to jump on the dock
you turn left
you're not gonna dock it
oh fuck
there we go all right now you can go
jump on your dock I don't care I
gathered that okay here we go
oh my god will you go forward down the
goddamn captain Oh captain my kids I'm
built for this shit that's a big device
picking up containers
mm-hm we got a load them up light is
yeah now we're riding then we got jump
puzzles coming jumpin up jumpin duck Wow
all right I don't know if we're gonna
make it it's totally don't mind me it's
not even looking at it
mm-hmm nah no no no gee guys don't worry
suck it in suck it in everywhere we're
on a boat No
oh well this is our stop Oh put it over
what forget you like your head through
but your body then get through well I'd
be lame oh shit I think I could do that
I fuck up enough right welp stream is
over
hey Romania man met his match this day
he tried so hard but in the end get your
head stuck in between two poles what a
way to go damn it Eva media man this is
like every fucking our what the fuck
post
fuck yeah out of my home and I jump over
here and then I'm like god we're
drowning our P is real there is two
voices is confusing but no internal and
external voices I have no idea how I'm
gonna paddle this thing it's not it
doesn't seem possible
I got a breathing exercise achievement
what does that mean pull the vault holy
shit oh well I won yep there we go
that's how we win easy that's how they
just put the rocks in the boat Oh make
it sink you gotta go under
yeah goes under the bridge I hurt my
babies hey you got to okay well this is
working
yep ingenious Oh God lay down
oh yeah hey don't drown
oh man I'm a rock - wow I'm on the lazy
river I'm one of them one of those theme
parks
oh shit get rid of those rocks you're
sinking oh shit I'm gonna die
suffocating down here man let me out
please
okay we're good huh
go oh thank you God we done it we done
come on disappointment
I'm ready thing at this point I'm
reading is pointed out I'm gonna I'm
gonna get ready to get a room to prepare
yourselves
ouch ouch skid marks completely
unnecessary
wholly unnecessary we didn't need to do
this not at all but you know what I feel
achieved I'll attach that one and break
that shit there's another hooky on the
dongle Dingle I see that what are we
attached to the hook on the cart
yes break that shit and then we're gonna
break it it's gonna that's gonna oh and
then we write that down oh my god is
gonna be fine this is gonna be so cool
dude now attach that hit the lever and
then run to you getting your raft
come on for the love of fucking God
please get on the bus mechanic on the
hook okay you little fuck listen to me
you piece of shit I own you get on the
hook
get on the gonna hook please gather look
you're not even oh god you're not even
real get on the hook oh my fucking god
I've dreams you're an inanimate object
in a virtual world
get on the fucking hook
there holy shit dude
here we go
fuck did you hit the lever I did ok good
let's go boogie boardin yeah Boog Boog
you lash mmmm boogie woogie this isn't
as fast as I thought it with it like
pushy
okay good shit is it are you even
rapping please rap better this is not a
boy is this shit to sinks what the fuck
is this a couch you gotta blow it up
oh you know what the fuck we're just
gonna get enough good enough doing it
the hard way I don't know did it get
supposed to guys to be sliding it down
here and we're doing it the wrong way
we're just walking down the mountain now
it wasn't floating though oh shit
you see that what no that line right
there yeah I think it's showing up who
just walked through it I'm afraid
pika right though
a motherfucker does not float though and
it looks like it's supposed to flow it's
such a fucked up situation
I really think they meant to make it
float but they fucked it up and they put
the wrong thing in there
all right okay all right I feel like
there should be another gondola but it's
down there but there is no Gandhi good
luck dude good fucking luck fuck was
that
Jesus yeah you're gonna have to shimmy
your way all the way there dude fuck it
I can do it i have no life enough for
that got it
my turn
what this is this is very unnecessary
but you know what we're gonna make a man
out of us gonna make man out of us oh
fuck my life crises Lapine and Han sir
is Han thank you very much for your bids
well they said hey baby with a hearts
line I think that was you dress are you
sure
thanks out oh I think they might be
blind
maybe it's the denture they're gonna
recorrect me was like no cry that was
definitely for you not Russ he'll even
worse damn that's fucked up if they
would do that now that's been mentioned
oh please for love dick grab how long
have I been on this thing does it feel
like probably about like two minutes
really it feels a lot longer than two
minutes
well at least some over halfway please
grab it please just grab it it's all you
got to do a Romania man please grab the
fucking thing just doing grab it grab it
I hate him I hate him I I had no problem
with avermedia products but I'm gonna go
get an elgato after this okay okay all
right okay I think I found I think I
found out how to do this
Oh what the fuck was out no don't lose
it don't lose it
what was that about I was ridiculous I'm
gonna keep saying it
don't even play as far as I come out
come on he's just sounds so weird I
think you're good to drop I don't know
man give one fling towards them towards
the thing and good you're good now
thank God all right what is this height
better in the game and they're giving
this congratulations
Oh diving in let's go fucking God let's
go now in before there was some gondola
we could've took care John Brodie you
missed your dad feet first there's more
welcome to the power plant the longest
level ever there's more to this game
just switch that shit in then call it a
day
this doesn't watch all my videos my
people murder once in a while that's
about it you don't know all the things I
know cuz you did the cry boys sin I
can't handle it hey guys welcome that's
not it at all
that's fucking normal cry one hello guys
plays hey guys and welcome the cry plays
hto l hey guys and welcome to cry plays
inside hey guys and welcome to cry plays
MoMA Dora reverie under the moonlight
hey guys and welcome this cry plays the
magic circle hey guys and welcome it's a
cry plays Firewatch yeah I'm gonna be
jerking off while I play as Lisbon I'm
just gonna show a little bit loosely
grasp it's all fucking cheese that was
fucking phenomenal I'd see so much to
the level I'm sure
holy shit let's drive quick quick oh
stop the pull stop it oh thank god why
you don't fuckin ghost ride that goddamn
fuckin whips oh my god
please turn it she's kids remember if
your parents ever think that it's a good
idea tell them to shut the fuck up no
mom I don't want a ghost ride the whip
don't ghost ride the whip thank you
literally there was a truck already up
here in the same time
why the fuck did they give us two yeah
but you would have had the back best
shit in
oh wait we are gonna go back down the
hill we just came up I hate we didn't
know dude we did like this backwards
oh no it's going away as well this is
why we're not in fucking construction oh
my god I'm not properly trained for this
bullshit on this fucking vehicle no what
the fuck up come on are we up there
please I guess we gotta start look oh no
you don't load yourself up now what do
you do I have grades and fire your
largest fountain I've found fire about
fire
yes I knew it all right torches loaded
up let's go torso it up
so over here you see me know I don't
know if this is where to go
this is year Oh
today am i dumping shit me
hey bird's-eye view see those
smokestacks over there yeah it's
probably over there just climb on it get
in there come on buddy
there we go always safe here yeah it's
right now light it close the gate
oh there I can make that jump I think
good all right
you lied to me pledge yeah see there the
telling you get in that hole though
you're so fucking smart did you make
this game
no but you hired me for this reason
speedrun Z ends question Bart oh shit
oh thank god we'd be
we're dying Oh God Oh God
help something quick bathroom breaks no
bridge it I can't
I'm grabbing so hard but I can't hold on
oh shit thank God I got it I got it
ooh I got the cake oh hi it's Katie
don't worry okay it's like it's making
me float now and then I let go and I go
further oh shit oh shit oh oh god it's
playing some music now where was this
music during the fucking game right this
is your reward is music fuck it I'm
doing great doing great fucking Grand
Slam Amy the man you did this you did
this you earned this
this is so peaceful spot on this g8
summit 1g shit QA manager Paul
Louis lead you a group all of all his
people Ramsey Ramsey that's a fucking
name right there
Ramsey Brande Brande Ramsey
this music is totally not fitting
hilling banjo kazooie we have music
actually wants oh man
Simon Byron that's a fuckin name though
the fuck
Richie and tic nap what some kind of
names of these people get foreigners I
think opens not so bad news
Amy great man fucking name of an dude
Verity Murphy look that was very D I
knew it Verity she's the hero I met him
I didn't know there was a name Stuart
didn't see it's not Disney it's dizzy
dizzy really Ron his brother Rob Haxton
all right it's not so bad but some of
these names are very aggressive we got a
ways to go we do and then then like
10,000 Kickstarter backers oh yeah
special things gonna be real rough uh-uh
created with unity 2005 to 2016 midnight
us in for a long time oh shit
that's how long unit he's been around oh
shit biron don't start again we've
already played this game crying don't do
it again
what does this dude do it I don't know
anymore do you
oh shit there goes
oh it was a game it wasn't bad it was
just some parts or a little wrong but
yeah other parts are pretty fun and we
skipped quite a bit actually
yeah it's true yeah with our good old
speedrun tactics yeah we are we I mean
we got the speed on our achievement
fucksakes
like yeah let me look at my Steam
library for this year
alright so view all achievements let's
see what we got
if it wants to load all right
human where's my chivos I saw them do
they not show cuz the games that fully
out yet I don't think it does hey I
don't know exit the game Opie let's take
exit it okay
wait oh there's the fucking zoom knee oh
god oh god they got them at issue RL in
meeting quick I'm adding York well yeah
that could have been bad shit I don't
even know what zoom is oh yeah well I
guess Wednesday's out the picture on
every other week yeah cool actually
swell super let's go get food alright
that sounds good yeah y'all have a good
night and catch y'all tomorrow us later
bye-bye
you